c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe.config
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.pdb
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.pdb
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.frmStart.resources
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2010.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.xml
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\netversity\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.frmRegistro.resources
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe.config
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.frmStart.resources
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.frmRegistro.resources
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.exe
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLogin.pdb
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\obj\Debug\SelfieLogin.pdb
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\HaarCascades\haarcascade_frontalface_alt.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\HaarCascades\haarcascade_frontalface_alt2.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\HaarCascades\haarcascade_frontalface_alt_tree.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\HaarCascades\haarcascade_frontalface_default.xml
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLoginDataBase.mdf
C:\Users\Federico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfieLogin\SelfieLogin\bin\Debug\SelfieLoginDataBase_log.ldf
